chore(examples): Add `vanilla-extract` example (#41061)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-vanilla-extract/README.md

# Next.js + vanilla-extract Example

> The official vanilla extract repository has provided an example in [examples/next](https://github.com/vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract/tree/master/examples/next)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official vanilla-extract repository maintains an example in [examples/next](https://github.com/vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract/tree/master/examples/next)
```

> # Next.js + Vanilla Extract Examples
> 
> The official vanilla extract repository has provided an example in [examples/next](https://github.com/vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract/tree/master/examples/next)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Next.js + Vanilla Extract Examples

The official vanilla-extract repository maintains an example in [examples/next](https://github.com/vanilla-extract-css/vanilla-extract/tree/master/examples/next)
```
